# IfStatementEvaluator

This Java project implements an If-Else statement evaluator that reads a predefined JSON structure( if else), evaluates the conditions, and returns a boolean result (i.e) then result. The code demonstrates the use of various design patterns and principles.

## Prerequisites

- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- Maven (optional, for simplifying the build process)

## Getting Started

Clone the Repository:  Clone the repository containing the code to your local machine.

bash

git clone https://github.com/sairudr3/ifelsejsonevaluator.git

Navigate to the Code Directory:  Change your current directory to the directory where the Java code is located.

bash cd path/to/your/code if windows assume your dirve is C drive c:\sai\

Build the Project (if using Maven):

    If you have Maven installed, you can build the project using the following command:

bash

mvn clean install

This command will compile the code, run tests, and create an executable JAR file in the target directory.

Run the Code:

    Execute the main class, which contains the main method. In this case, it's IfStatementEvaluator.

bash

java -cp target/ifelsejson-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar com.ifstatement.exam.IfStatementEvaluator

Replace your-executable-jar.jar with the actual JAR file generated by Maven.

If you haven't used Maven and you're compiling manually, you can compile and run the main class directly:

bash

    javac IfStatementEvaluator.java
    java IfStatementEvaluator

    Ensure that the classpath is set correctly if there are dependencies.

    Review Output:
        The code includes a System.out.println statement in the evaluateIfElseJson method, so you should see output indicating the result of the evaluation.

That's it! You should now be able to run the provided Java code. Adjust the steps based on your specific environment and build tools if needed
